[Music]
Okay, this is okay, you have the
answer there, Wii
Gref again to what we just saw
about Willy, let's see if I look it up on YouTube,
I'm sure there's something about his life, not
Will, and he just responded, he just
spoke about the subject more than responding to him
to say it we have here
except that Willy said the truth is, well, it does
n't make much sense if you don't
want to cross paths with someone, well, you don't
cross paths but you don't really cross paths
but what doesn't make sense is that you don't
look out for them on the street and you don't allude to them and
then you get into a 324 tournament but
ok, it's not that anymore but since it's here
at least
keep up the good vibes, good vibes,
the good vibes, the sun
don't talk about it, not
only don't be literal,
literal, dude, keep up the good vibes pretend to be good vibes,
the number of people there is
in these people ends but he told it many
times falsifying the whole [ __ ] day in the
series he's like an omelet, I don't know who, I don't
know how much there are a lot of people who ca
n't see each other in fact there are
people who  There have been personal things that have happened
between them that are too serious to
have been reported
or to be nominated for the [ __ ] face in their entire
lives and yet you see them there
with the micra with the ice cubes and ha ha ha I'm
going to paint the house I had for a tea
and he plays a joke on you and in a good way and
if they invite you to events because
work and business there are people who there are
people who see it as good it's false I think I would
n't be able to sincerely I
think I wouldn't be able to
do it so
work I'm telling you let's see here here we have
full board all month
and everything that has pleased serious and
suddenly Netflix and wait there's
more
and suddenly docs and
businesswoman arrive before but here you have the
story something that I have
never told on YouTube it will
start before bad you have to see how
each person acts as they please
why but it does not progress 26 minutes
talking only 26 minutes even if I don't like you
or even if maybe you
come to light my heart
automatically incredible I start to
tell these things like this a little more and
breathe deeply because at the beginning because of
the competitiveness in  I talk to you such and I
want to say that never with Vegeta
or with Stands or with Willy now I have
gotten along badly with someone it must
get to the [ __ ] what am I going to tell you 'not to
greet him on the street to to have
real disgust I mean I feel that when someone gets
along badly I see a lot of action together with
my manual or with another expression and again
bigger you know like very intense and
nowadays even if it takes me to give it I will do it
badly although I get along with Starz
nowadays I know that in the time in which
we got along there is a little
picky picky stacks he made me very angry
but a lot of anger there and well I have
always caused anger in the people who do
n't like me or who are called with me not
that you don't like good maybe not
enough or I mean that's what I want to
tell you but well they say time
heals everything and nowadays with Frank I
have gotten along well but with no
person that I have gotten along badly I have come to
feel like that hatred like that like that
resentment like that like that disgust you know that
many times I feel that in the
opposite case it happens but without  roll up I didn't
get along with stacks okay bad that we
had a fight
we talked comments in videos at the
pse hostel and I remember that a game
hired willy vegeta I don't know if he
was also at xxvi and me to go to
London to record a game in London and it
was weird because willy and vegeta were
friends of stacks and they knew perfectly well
that stacks didn't get along with me
so of course at the time it pissed me off
a bit that there were certain people who
crossed me out because of confusion and that
I hadn't really dealt with them
and this is the example that I have given you
that
you are going to meet in life with
certain people that you are going to
dislike from the start without having dealt with
them and on the one hand it is understandable because they
trust their friends or what has
happened and on the other hand digestion you don't even
know me you know why you already have to
have this image that he needs the one that
puts him off simply with his
attitude he
has very attitudes sometimes very
outlined things as they are but well
in plan what I was compiling dude
the things that Greg had, he planted
eggs here and so on, and yes, it gives me that
many times to send him a little to
take a piss, no, why are we going to
fool ourselves, why are we going to justify the
opposite,
but I was very young and I was like 14,
15 years old, you understand that Justin Tuck, then
when I was older,
even well of having an x, what I
mean, but when I took that
trip with Alex and Vegeta and with
Willy, I went to London to record a game
called Doom and today we were
pretty good, there was a little
tension because of Stax because it's like if
a person comes and you know
that a friend of yours doesn't get along with him,
well, there's a little tension but we
were good and I remember that I
asked Vegeta and Willie, we were, I think, in
a taxi, what stuck in my mind was,
hey, how is this thing about Andorra, the way it
works, then Vegeta teased me
and said, it's really bad there's a
lot of fun parties, that's
crazy, Andorra, I don't know what, and I
said, yeah, really  I was very innocent and my
mentality was draining me because
in Andorra you can be at home
working you can go skiing that's why they
hear strange things because I'm
uploading a coffee on the subject okay go
to dinner and little else the party is
gone and we had that interaction
so I think what Will is
referring to saying help help thank you
Andorra it's simple I
told them can you put me in the chat please
the name of Willy's multi account d
so we were in the same agency
that I think they still know is beat and
they helped me manage everything with
advice but it's not like Willy
was doing the
residency papers for me in Andorra you know what I
want to tell you but I got along very well
with Willy Rex when I went to Andorra I
got to have dinner several times with Willy and
we stayed well we were talking
calmly about our projects
our things he deserved but I you what do you
do in your day to day because you waste a
lot of time you know he was already
super focused getting up at
8 in the morning recording four videos and
such and I was  in a world of
recording my video doing my live shows and
then playing lolo alcohol or
beauty whatever and he would say to me but you
thanks time what do you do in your day
to day of course you spend
eight hours on skype talking and that makes you
waste like giving me advice and
lessons to be more efficient you know
a little bit already sexy willy and vegeta roll
crazy work roll this isn't
bad at all we had conversations of this
type that I'm not going to go into depth and the
reality is that will and I got along
well we recorded videos together and that's why I
tell you that with willy he
is not a person with whom you
would have to get along badly or not talk to me
you know what I want to tell you in the
sense that we have never had
anything really serious between us nor have we
disrespected each other or
hated each other and we have always treated each other
with admiration and with respect you go to
the flock he never treats it with admiration
then things happened like I don't know if
with vegeta he had some sauce or that he
threw me a pullita like I don't know that
god of war you pass it very quickly and  you
know that as soon as someone touches my
dick even a little and I think they're not right I jump out
and I don't care if it
's Vegeta or Rubios or Willy
Rex or Pipa or Roma's dad
I say I don't care who you are shut up I
play along however the [ __ ] I feel like you
know and well I'm a
person who when I answer I answer
loudly I answer resoundingly like the
answer I gave to Willy for the
comment he made in the tournament or the
answer I gave to BG is on its
day I'm a person who when I
answer I answer loudly I answer
intensely because to tell you that it's not like that
well I shut up and I don't say anything if I
answer it's loud you
also have it in the video in the
video that we did well and what happened is
simply that because of that argument I
had with Vegeta well he decided as he
explains to x me off to x me off in the
sense that overnight
without me talking to Willy about absolutely
nothing one day I ran into him on the street
and  the best thing is 2 days ago we had
gone to dinner and he turned his face and did
n't even greet me
and that's something that I don't respect that's
something that you can decide not to hang out
with someone because
your friends don't like them or because they've had problems
with your friends but for me it's been two
or three days to have dinner with me the least is
that you greet me on the street say
hello or explain to me why you don't want to
hang out with me anymore hey well I don't want to
have any relationship with you because in my
circle well you've had fights with certain
people like I don't know that wave the
heat wave in the end it's like if someone gets into a
fight with Lada and I don't greet them on
the street it
depends on the severity and it depends on the level I mean
if you're a disgusting person and a
[ __ ] scum well listen the same as what I'm
saying but if you fight with my friends well
I don't talk to you either like saying
something terribly serious
about a great friend of yours well maybe it's
still valid but I haven't seen Greg
either something terribly serious
is understood, respected and from that
moment on such but to me that attitude of  walk
down the street or be a lion or the afternoon at
the lake go to go to the bank for a subject of
whatever and have in front of you in the queue and you
look the other way to me that is an
attitude that I don't give a damn if you are an
ex wheeler if you are Vegeta if you are blond
or if you are the Pope of Rome
fused with On Mars Putin and Obama to
me that seems like a lack of education
because I even if I don't like you or even if
I have to simply tell you
one NATO or something cordial I'm going to
do it
you know what I want to tell you then
willie has explained how we get
along when I arrived in Andorra and
overnight because he says so he
decided to make me the x and there was a
time when I said the evil can't be
that I get along badly with Willy Rex because we
have recorded together we have gone to dinner
together and we have had a relationship
together that evil free there are people and this
is very respectable that they have that kind of
attitude if I don't want to get along with
someone anymore I try to let them know I try to make them
notice I try to make it a
process but there are people like Willy  that they
never want to see your face again and they
directly cross you off the list to
the point of not greeting you on the street and
hey it's something totally respectable it's
something totally respectable but I do
n't share it in that sense I don't
share it and it's very curious how you can
understand that I get along with Vegeta
because man
if it's something super serious yes yes it is something
super serious suddenly I can stop
talking to you when I get a [ __ ] tomorrow I'll
block you from everywhere and I see you
on the street I look the other way
you understand and something super serious super
scum super regrettable but the simple
fact that you have had a fight with another
friend who has shown himself I am in ranks
although truly I mean I think that Vegeta
is a [ __ ] great guy and I admire him a
lot and I respect him for his work and I
will always say it as well as
Bully Rex and in the case of Willy Rex I take
stock and say will and you and I
shouldn't get along because we have
n't done any [ __ ] to each other you
have never made a bad comment in a live
broadcast towards me regardless of what
happened  in the tournament I always
treated you with great admiration and we've
recorded together you know what I
mean then there have been many
times in my life when I've felt a
little bad for getting along with a certain
person that many people
influenced by that same person already
hated like [ __ ]
and that is something that you will find yourself in
many times in life and in part it is
unfair and
that can lead to many people
having a cross or that whatever
happens happens and that's it really is nothing it's
nothing it's nothing bad it's nothing it's something
that happens and that's it but since willy
mentioned this about milk the cross to Greece I do
n't know what well it felt also
explained why last night that there is something more
that they don't want to tell the 10 sense gave that it
is truly something that I respect it is
something that I respect that you do not want to see
a person ever again even if you had
dinner with them two days ago
you are capable of doing it and the touch is on
the list but I do not share it is an attitude that I mean at
all I mean I am not like
Lion it is not something that I would be capable of doing
and next week he will call you  to
playstation so you can do a
collaboration or he calls you to neox so you can do
a program then write the
ten points felt acting willy red
really above all it is that I do not care it is that
dallas review greets me
on the street okay I meet him
dallas review who has made 87 videos
trying to found me
and I approach him and say hi and shake his
hand if later I leave or I do not want to
talk to him I go to that it did not happen he is
not setting an example damn I already
believed that it had happened in real life he
is already involved look at her also in tornado
just like me we
always have to have a change man do you realize
the [ __ ] move do
you realize the [ __ ] move always
today was the day that the whole [ __ ]
internet is talking
about how they caught her when the multiple accounts crashed
okay well it
turns out I know that one of those [ __ ]
multiple accounts has to be for javi
oliveira
and now we are in the guest fight
well you are going to eat a video of the
flock man or not but to me  I've been
taught that it means having a minimum
of education, a minimum of knowing how to behave in
the right place because when you lose your
education and you lose the ways of
being in a place, I don't care who you are, to
me you're worthless
and I would do it but I understand that there are
people who are very different from me and it should
n't be seen as something bad, you have to
see it as each person acts
as they please and that's how it is so
and I
shouldn't have to be two people who to
this day don't talk to each other because
which Ramirez approached me in the
tournament, now it would be better if I had
crossed paths with him I would also say something in a
good way surely but he was the one who
gave me the closest language the two
times we spoke in the tournament and
you think that I'm going to start
saying something in a bad way to him because he threw
a video at me like for example he did the
chocas that he admitted today and we
saw that it was in a bad way well
we're not in a place having a good time with
many teammates and we're in a
cool place let's create a nice atmosphere no
and nice I don't like him
after what happened I can't  to
say that bull and rex I don't like because
the respect and admiration that I
have for him will always be far
above him making a comment about a
call of duty tournament and you pissing me off it
will always be
above that
but this has happened to me many times in
my life that I am not the person who
really feels like that like that
denial like that disgust like that that
maximum tension is the other person
and each one acts as they want but will and
I should not be two people
who today we will not talk to each other or that
he had this feeling of how
badly you love me it
should not be like that you have it I
respect him a lot but here you have the
story something that I
had never told live and above
all I tell it because it
turns on willy perez that it seems that there is
something more that we do not know man I know that it
seems that
something super serious has happened to willy congress clip from
a few minutes ago of me putting the title in
the tournament he tells me that
hater comment and we spent 34 hours having a
good time let's stick with that you have already seen
what it was  my attitude but you said
will already answered I didn't expect to
talk about these things no, I'm going to have
dinner with serious is that when
Andorra came it's total I don't know how many I didn't
expect that the real you want to talk
about that I don't mince words I
tell the story as it is simple I
have no problem no problem
zero
the salt channels are or are not going to eat they are
going to charge the whole month of these
stories all month I mean
friend we need them you have us
that don't see Azzurra we
need it we are no longer talking that
the salt channels are going to eat one
day no no no they are not going to eat they are going to
lunch they are going to dinner they are going
to breakfast they are going to eat the next day they were going to have
full board all month is it necessary
said to lend a hand
and everything that I just explained you can
get 47 tick tock 50 videos and even a
Netflix movie and wait there's
more
and suddenly a tournament comes and chooses me
from parties and artists I wish again
count videos and even a
Netflix movie and wait there's more
me [ __ ] the cl
and suddenly  a tournament comes and I get picked
literally in the first round, well
first, not second or third because you were
the best player left I
swear here on behalf of my entire family that I did
n't do it to be a pain in the ass
I was looking out for the good of my team and he was
selling my team at that moment it was
Willy Rex's choice here if you
took it like I chose you to be a pain in the
ass it's not like that but when Willis comes to a
tournament you know perfectly well that you
could be drawn against me I'm not getting involved there I
take the truth very well even so it
seemed incredible to play the tournament and
after five minutes I had a
spectacular time it's going to make me bitter
jealous but I do
n't know how they did it all I wanted
was to have a good time and for people to feel bad
but I didn't want to bother and do stupid things and
give it to them I think I'm
going to create my own channel of salt I know
right now chat I'm quitting my
Wednesday job forever
or so in theory according to very logical
Greve and inviting him to the group is to bother him
give him the note and do stupid things let's see I don't
know if he
really has to be a savage
in the head to invite  to willy
knowing what happens there and after ten
axes he is profitable after the
tension no this is what I have
explained to you to me I do not dislike willi if he does
not want to see me or does not want me such to me
is that I do not care I do not have the
problem with you you have it with me I
am looking to make my best
kot team that it is your turn with me well
to shoot with the cr 6.8 and to make
clamor what do you want me to tell you crack there is
no more and although there has been he
invites him and increases the support for everything and it is that on
top of that he showed gref in the video
before that if you did not see it I will leave it up here what I
am showing
is from willy from the live this afternoon
because grefa a few minutes ago when
you opened this a few hours ago when
July ended and live posted this image on
twitter literally serious is that he is looking for
the salsero look for the move this is a
lie in the sense that I
was not attentive to willy finishing the
live and such it seemed to me like taking
the salsero to a funny image that we
are both laughing  wil already
appears with a knife the wine river of
2020 predicted it in the sense of already here
I'm not looking for the punch here I
'm looking for like the good vibes you know
guys with the attitude that came at the
beginning this live of let's
stay with the good stuff that's it and what I was
commenting now doesn't seem like something
bad to me using it seems to me something like to
feed the salt it seems to me something like
simply telling what has happened
because he has told them things a little more
personal well I'll tell you how I have
lived it from my point of view but
really not
in what I told is that I'm not
calling willy rex a son of a [ __ ] I
'm simply saying what
happened or how I lived it and it's not like
answering the hater comment of the
tournament that I made and that was harder here I
am narrating the reality and what has
happened he wants to feed us all
the channels it is the area it is our
main source of food I tell you the
truth cl the south the other one on the motorcycle
I take 50 percent of all his
income for s that's why I am
commenting on all this live because  I
have 50 percent of the
income from all the
salsa channels and damn I'm interested guys that's it
all we needed was for them to take
half the
treasury and the heavy guild to come too
what you have to do is the
healthy section
this is the perfect opportunity in
which you have to include the
salsa category that's the business is set up to
suck it up
this is incredible canarias del salsero
tick tock put this today eat everyone
that
every Modern Warfare 2 tournament or
blancos uno whatever the
next tournament I captain my first
pick willy rex
of course now they're going to invite them again
they're going to meet again in another
tournament
in that case I'll do it like this
[Music]
and I become the electric wizard
electricity I'm gone because they appear
incredible in the afternoon it was
spectacular I had a great time very well
luckily willis and another tournament
will participate but this has
driven me crazy teo before normally
people all the style of willy and vegeta would
never get into these little things because
lately he adds support to everything  They
drive to what comes out there they comment on
what they want only the toilets in
vips this is the willy that we want
we just jumped to the
serious answer that we don't know if I should answer to
know the subscribe because obviously I will
bring it to you and we will react to it the
mother who gave birth to me friends the one who has gotten involved
man and today the truth is that
his salt is done well his salsa player is done well
mother well I
tell you the same I say the same
family
[Music]
if willy says something else
since like that I don't believe it
but you never know
sometimes from Greece he is very x of denies
wanting salt or well what he has to do
is believe we have already said it okay
you have to put it section of salt ceo in
the slam
there are blows in the face there are no galas
what I said family if you want to
see what will answers and if he
answers subscribe I make a video
so that Greece reacts it is more than the
video that I uploaded today
more than good every progressive would give it to him in
jail than his colleague I also tell you
you have to accept harder
To make Pel come up funnier, it's not
like Paula is already in the US
[Music]